hello I'm Nora Kyle in Kuala Lumpur the
top stories here on al Jazeera
floodwaters in Pakistan have swamped the
town of Suja while forcing most of its
250 thousand residents to flee the city
of fatter the main base of aid
operations in the southern Sindh
province is now also under threat the
world's foremost group of Islamic states
has pledged nearly 1 billion dollars to
help flood relief efforts this comes on
top of the billion dollars already
promised by foreign donors the flooding
began more than a month ago after heavy
monsoon rains it's the worst natural
disaster in the country's history the
mayor of the Mexican border town of
Hidalgo has been shot dead Marco Antonio
Leal is the second mare to be killed in
Mexico in the last two weeks his young
daughter was also injured in the attack
on his car there's no immediate word on
why he was targeted the town is in
tamaulipas state where violence is
sharply rising an indonesian volcano has
erupted for a second straight day after
being dormant for more than four
centuries at least one person has died
and dozens more have been hospitalized
after Mount Sinabung erupted in the
country's West the Indonesian Disaster
Management Agency says at least 21
thousand people have been evacuated
following Sunday's eruption 19 people
have been killed in a shootout in the
Russian Republic of Chechnya
anti-government fighters attached the
home of the Chechen president Rams and
career off sparking a gun battle with
the president security guards five
civilians were reportedly amongst those
killed Carrie Roth was in the village at
the time and took charge of the counter
offensive operation he denies civilians
were killed monday marks the deadline
for political parties in Myanmar to
register candidates for an historic
election so far more than 40 parties
have been allowed to stand in the
november seventh polls the first in two
decades but some pro-democracy groups
have sent their members have been
intimidated leading democracy activists
unsung whoo cheers been in detention for
much of the last two decades and is
barred from standing the United States
is marking five years since Hurricane
Katrina eighty percent of the city of
New Orleans
was destroyed when a ring of levees
broke causing massive floods hurrican
killed more than a thousand eight
hundred people across the Gulf Coast
much more on our website that's Al
Jazeera net force / English